C030 - 718.110(4) - Change Configuration

STATUTORY LANGUAGE
Unless otherwise provided in the declaration as originally recorded, no amendment may change the configuration or size of any unit in any material fashion, materially alter or modify the appurtenances to the unit, or change the proportion or percentage by which the unit owner shares the common expenses of the condominium and owns the common surplus of the condominium unless the record owner of the unit and all record owners of liens on the unit join in the execution of the amendment and unless all the record owners of all other units in the same condominium approve the amendment. The acquisition of property by the association and material alterations or substantial additions to such property or the common elements by the association in accordance with s. 718.111(7) or s. 718.113, and amendments providing for the transfer of use rights in limited common elements pursuant to s. 718.106(2)(b) shall not be deemed to constitute a material alteration or modification of the appurtenances to the units. A declaration recorded after April 1, 1992, may not require the approval of less than a majority of total voting interests of the condominium for amendments under this subsection, unless otherwise required by a governmental entity.

ELEMENTS
1. Was any amendment made?
2. Does the declaration as originally recorded, provide for an amendment that changes the configuration or size of any unit in any material fashion?
3. Does the declaration as originally recorded, provide for an amendment that materially alters or modifies the appurtenances to a unit? 
4. Does the declaration as originally recorded, provide for an amendment that changes the proportion or percentage by which the unit owner shares the common expenses of the condominium and owns the common surplus of the condominium? 
5. If the declaration as originally recorded, does not provide for the amendment as noted above then was the amendment made with the approval of the record owner of the unit and all record owners of liens on the unit?
6. Did all the record owners of all other units in the same condominium approve the amendment? 

NOTE: The acquisition of property by the association and material alterations or substantial additions to such property or the common elements by the association in accordance with s. 718.111(7) or s. 718.113, and amendments providing for the transfer of use rights in limited common elements pursuant to s. 718.106(2)(b) shall not be deemed to constitute a material alteration or modification of the appurtenances to the units. A declaration recorded after April 1, 1992, may not require the approval of less than a majority of total voting interests of the condominium for amendments under this subsection, unless otherwise required by a governmental entity.