C186-61B-23.0021(9)-Written Ballot
Allegation:  The Respondent failed to properly prepare the written ballot, in violation of section 61B-23.0021(9) FAC.
Statute/Rule Reference:  Section 61B-23.0021(9) FAC
Elements:
(9) The written ballot shall indicate in alphabetical order by surname, each and every unit owner or other eligible person who desires to be a candidate for the board of administration and who gave written notice to the association not less than 40 days before a scheduled election, unless such person has, prior to the mailing of the ballot, withdrawn his candidacy in writing. No ballot shall indicate which candidates are incumbents on the board. No write-in candidates shall be permitted. No ballot shall provide a space for the signature of or any other means of identifying a voter. Except where all voting interests in a condominium are not entitled to one whole vote, (fractional voting), or where all voting interests are not entitled to vote for every candidate (class voting), all ballot forms utilized by a condominium association, whether those mailed to voters or those cast at a meeting, shall be uniform in color and appearance. In the case of fractional voting, all ballot forms utilized for each fractional vote shall be uniform in color and appearance. And in class voting situations, within each separate class of voting interests all ballot forms shall be uniform in color and appearance.
C216-718.112(2)(f)2-Annual Budget-Reserve Schedule
Allegation:  The Respondent (association) failed to properly prepare a reserve schedule as part of the adopted annual budget, in violation of section 718.112(2)(f)(2), F.S.
Statute/Rule Reference:  Section 718.112(2)(f)(2), F.S.
Elements:
1) Does the annual adopted budget include reserve accounts for capital expenditures? 
2) Does the annual adopted budget include reserve accounts for deferred maintenance? 
3) Is there a reserve account for roof replacement?
4) Is there a reserve account for building painting?
5) Is there a reserve account for pavement resurfacing?
6) Is there a reserve account for any other item for which the deferred maintenance expense or replacement cost exceeds $10,000?
7) Are the reserve accounts balances computed by means of a formula which is based upon estimated remaining useful life and estimated replacement cost or deferred maintenance expense of each reserve item? 
8) Did the members of an association determine, by a majority vote at a duly called meeting of the association, to provide no reserves or fewer reserves than required by this subsection? [If yes, the subsection does not apply to the adopted budget].