C363-718.116(9)(a)1 - Election Guarantee

STATUTORY LANGUAGE
A unit owner may not be excused from payment of the unit owner's share of common expenses unless all other unit owners are likewise proportionately excluded from payment, except as provided in subsection (1) and in the following cases: 
1.  If authorized by the declaration, a developer who is offering units for sale may elect to be excused from payment of assessments against those unsold units for a stated period of time after the declaration is recorded. However, the developer must pay common expenses incurred during such period which exceed regular periodic assessments against other unit owners in the same condominium. The stated period must terminate no later than the first day of the fourth calendar month following the month in which the first closing occurs of a purchase contract for a unit in that condominium. If a developer-controlled association has maintained all insurance coverage required by s. 718.111(11)(a), common expenses incurred during the stated period resulting from a natural disaster or an act of God occurring during the stated period, which are not covered by proceeds from insurance maintained by the association, may be assessed against all unit owners owning units on the date of such natural disaster or act of God, and their respective successors and assigns, including the developer with respect to units owned by the developer. In the event of such an assessment, all units shall be assessed in accordance with s. 718.115(2). 

ELEMENTS
1. Has a unit owner been excused from payment of his/her share of common expenses?
2. If yes, were all other unit owners likewise proportionately excused from payment of their share of common expenses? 
3. If no, is the unit owner in question a developer offering units for sale?
4. If yes, does the declaration provide that the developer may elect to be excused from payment of assessments against those unsold units for a stated period of time after the declaration is recorded? 
5. If yes, does the stated period of time terminate no later than the first day of the fourth calendar month following the month in which the first closing occurred on a purchase contract for a unit in that condominium?
6. Did the developer pay common expenses incurred during such period which exceed regular periodic assessments against other unit owners in the same condominium? 
7. If no, why?

NOTE
If a developer-controlled association has maintained all insurance coverage required by s. 718.111(11)(a), common expenses incurred during the stated period resulting from a natural disaster or an act of God occurring during the stated period, which are not covered by proceeds from insurance maintained by the association, may be assessed against all unit owners owning units on the date of such natural disaster or act of God, and their respective successors and assigns, including the developer with respect to units owned by the developer. 

8. In the event of such an assessment, were all units assessed in accordance with s. 718.115(2) including units owned by the developer? 
9. If no, why?